# A
I find to my dismay, your love has slipped away, but I'm a man and I can't cry.
There was a guy where I was from, smothered his dog in bubblegum, how sad, couldn't believe he was that bad.
My life is changin' in so many ways, I don't know who to trust anymore.
There's a shadow runnin' through my days, like a beggar goin' from door to door.
It's hard to make that change, when life and love turn strange and cold.
To give a love, you gotta live a love. To live a love, you gotta be part of.
The fruit of love was in the future, around the corner and over the hill. The act of love was slowly pounding.
Won't you help me, find my way back home? Help me make my way on home.. After Berlin.
Won't need no shadow man runnin' the government, won't need no stinkin' war.
Well, I dreamed I saw the knights in armour coming, sayin' something about a queen.
Look at Mother Nature on the run in the nineteen seventies.
There was a band playing in my head and I felt like getting high.
I was thinking about what a friend had said, I was hoping it was a lie.
Eat watermelon, eat peaches and cream, eat ripe tomatoes, you know what I mean.
Oh oh Alabama, the devil fools with the best laid plans.
Your Cadillac has got a wheel in the ditch and a wheel on the track.
I've been flying down the road and I've been starving to be alone, independent from the scene that I've known.
So I'll stop when I can, find some fried eggs and country ham. I'll find somewhere where they don't care who I am.
I can't believe how love lasts a while, and it looks like forever in the first place.
In my new life, I'm traveling light, eyes wide open for the next move.
I can't go wrong till I get right, but I'm not falling back in the same groove.
Back in the old folky days the air was magic when we played.
All along the Navajo Trail burn-outs stub their toes on garbage pails.
I guess I'll call it sickness gone, it's hard to say the meaning of this song.
An ambulance can only go so fast, it's easy to get buried in the past, when you try to make a good thing last.
I saw today in the entertainment section, there's room at the top for private detection.
So all you critics sit alone, you're no better than me for what you've shown.
Well, I'm up in T.O. keepin' jive alive, and out on the corner it's half past five.
You're all just pissin' in the wind. You don't know it but you are.
And there ain't nothin' like a friend who can tell you you're just pissin' in the wind.
I never knew a man could tell so many lies, he had a different story for every set of eyes.
You tried to make a good thing last. How could something so good, go bad, so fast?
Don't know when things went wrong. Might have been when you were young and strong.
Some see life as a broken promise, some see life as an endless fight.
It's an angry world, and everything is gonna be alright.
Some see life as hope eternal, some see life as a business plan.
Are there any more real cowboys left out in these hills? Will the fire hit the iron one more time?
Are you passionate? Are you livin' like you talk? Are you dreamin' now, that you're goin' to the top?
Are you loving it? Can you ever get enough of it? Is it everything? A love that never stops.
Are you scared of it? Do you wish that it would stop? Does it bother you, when you hear your spirit talk?
Slipping and slidin' and playin' dominoes. Leftin' and then rightin'; it's not a crime you know.
I was talkin' to the preacher, said God was on my side. Then I ran into the hangman, he said "it's time to die".
Boy and girl fall in love, dreamin' under stars above, meanwhile push comes to shove. Around the world.
Leaders fall, leaders rise, terror wears a thin disguise, not much room for compromise. Around the world.
Surfers roam the seven seas, sharin' them with submarines, experts count on war machines. Around the world.
People sweat in planted fields, students study what is real, someone builds a laser shield. Around the world.
Fashion change. Style change.
Why do we have to hate? Why do we incinerate? Why don't we illuminate? Around the world.
# B
Bad fog of loneliness. Put a cloud on my single-minded-ness. I dream of sweet caress from you.
What makes tomorrow guess? What makes me take from me and put aside the rest? I dream of sweet caress from you.
So long woman I am gone, so much pain to go through, come back baby I was wrong.
Bad news is come to town. He's walking three feet off the ground. He's ordering another round.
I've got the bad news beat, and my reception is loud and clear.
Turnin' the pages in this old book, seems familiar, might be worth a second look.
Gotta get past the negative thing, lawyers and business, you get what you bring.
Someday you'll find what you're looking for.
Try to get closer, but not too close. Try to get through, but not be through.
If I could hold on to just one thought for long enough to know. Why my mind is moving so fast and the conversation is slow.
Burn off all the fog and let the sun through to the snow. Let me see your face again before I have to go.
I saw you in my nightmares, but I'll see you in my dreams. And I might live a thousand years before I know what that means.
We got a job to do, we got to save mother earth.
Well she walked in a shoe store, gave the man a tip, said go buy yourself a rocket ship.
Over the hill in the big green country, that's the place where the cancer cowboy rides.
Welcome to the big room, check your troubles at the door.
Gonna leave the pain behind, gonna leave the fools in line, gonna take the magic potion.
Gonna take it state by state, 'til I hit the Golden Gate, get my feet wet in the ocean.
I'm still living the dream we had, for me it's not over.
When you see me fly away without you, shadow on the things you know, feathers fall around you and show you the way to go.
There's a bar hall queen in Charlotte town, I'd sure like to meet her when the sun goes down.
Carolina queen, she's a walking love machine. I'd like to make her scream, when I bite the bullet.
I see the light of a thousand lamps burning in your eyes. Still I have to turn away for you to stay alive.
Security had a hold on me, I had a thousand friends. But reality wasn't told to me, and I found out in the end.
I'm climbing this ladder, my head in the clouds. I hope that it matters, I'm having my doubts.
I'm like an eagle, I like to fly high, I'm like the snake I like to lay low.
I'm just a passenger on this old freight train, I ride a boxcar through the night.
His mother had told him a trip was a fall, and don't mention babies at all.
Use to play in a rock 'n roll band, but they broke up. We were young and we were wild, it ate us up.
Been burned, and with both feet on the ground, I've learned that it's painful coming down.
# C
California sunset going down in the west. All the colors in the sky kiss another day goodbye.
I am a lonely visitor, I came to late to cause a stir, though I campaigned all my life towards that goal.
I hardly slept the night you wept, our secret's safe and still well kept.
Traffic cops are all color blind. People steal from their own kind. Evening comes to early for a stroll.
Daylight breaks and I go to bed, I find myself worryin' about things you said.
He was known in the islands as hundred foot iron, that steel hull freighter was passin' its time.
Remember 'Hey mr. las vegas, you used to be so cool!!' We met Wayne Newton down at Pebble Beach and you acted like a fool.
I tried to tell myself, it doesn't matter, I can find someone, who treat me better.
When you get weak, and you need to test your will, when life's complete, but there's something missing still.
Don't let another day go by without the magic touch.
You hear the sound, you wait around and get the word, you see the picture changing everything you've heard.
The morning comes and there's an odour in the room, the scent of love, more than a million roses bloom.
Hello hello, is that you stranger? Is this our music up in your Ranger? And is this your exit too? We're changing highways.
I wanna live with a cinnamon girl, I could be happy the rest of my life with a cinnamon girl.
A dreamer of pictures, I run in the night you see us together, chasing the moonlight, my cinnamon girl.
Down on the coastline, Highway One, people headin' out for the sun, that's where I found you, long time ago.
High on the mountain top above the clouds, no wonder we get a little loud.
We don't back down from no trouble, we do get up in the mornin'.
Ain't a day goes by I don't burn a little bit of my soul.
Some might go for poison, some go for too much love, some just go to sleep at night and forget to wake up.
Cocaine eyes won't hide your face, it's no surprise you'll lose the race again, my old friend.
Walk on, talk on, baby tell no lies, don't you be caught with a tear in your eye.
Pretty bad when you're dealin' with the man and the light shines in your eyes.
Oh, this old world keeps spinnin' round. It's a wonder tall trees ain't laying down. There comes a time.
You and I, we were captured, we took our souls and we flew away.
It's awful hard to find a job, on one side the government, the other the mob.
Oh, this country sure looks good to me, but these fences are comin' apart at every nail.
I need you to let me know that there's a heartbeat, let it pound and pound and you'll be flying like a free bird.
And you need me like ugly needs a mirror and day by day the horizon's gettin' clearer.
Computer syscrusher. Crusher. Syscrusher. Syscrusher. Come a ky ky yippee yi yippee yi ay. Come a ky ky yippee yi ay.
He came dancing across the water with his galleons and guns, looking for the new world, and the palace in the sun.
And I know she's living there, and she loves me to this day, I still can't remember when or how I lost my way.
Cough up the bucks, cough up the bucks. Where did all the money go? Where did all the cash flow?
Too late to keep the change, too late to pay. No time to stay the same, too young to leave.
While stars sit in bars and decide what they're drinking, they drop by to die cause it's faster than sinking.
Country girl I think you're pretty, got to make you understand, have no lovers in the city, let me be your country man.
I don't like to go down to the flats 'cause I can't park on a hill. Instead getting a rolling start I have to pay the bill.
I'm thankful for my country home, it gives me peace of mind. Somewhere I can walk alone and leave myself behind.
I got a right in this crazy world to live my life like anyone else.
If I can't have you I don't want nothin' else.
Hello cowgirl in the sand, is this place at your command? Can I stay here for awhile, can I see your sweet sweet smile?
Hello ruby in the dust, has your band begun to rust?
The artist looked at the producer, the producer sat back. He said what we have got here is a perfect track.
'There's still crime in the city', said the cop on the beat, 'I don't know if I can stop it, I feel like meat on the street.'
Well, I keep gettin' younger, my life's been funny that way. Before I ever learned to talk I forgot what to say.
I got a woman at home, a family to feed, three fine children, they think the world of me.
Make way for the cripple creek ferry, the water's going down it's a mighty tight squeeze.
Well, old man river just keeps on rollin' on down the line, like my tears just keep on flowin' all the time.
Who's gonna dry your cryin' eyes, who's gonna wake you up to that big surprise?
# D
Corduroy pants and old plaid shirt, daddy went walkin' just to feel the earth. Got a little dirty but that's alright.
Old man crossin' the road, you've gotta let him go. Old man crossin' the road, he's feelin' fine.
Never thought love had a rainbow on it, used to think a cloud was night-mare.
And I know we should be free, but freedom's just a prison to me.
And though these wings have turned to stone I can fly, fly, fly away. Watch me fly above the city like a shadow on the sky.
People say don't rock the boat, let things go their own way.
It seemed like such an easy thing, to follow ones own dream. But possessions and concessions are not often what they seem.
Talk to me, my long lost friend, tell me how you are. Are you happy with your circumstance, are you driving a new car?
On the lake, the deep forbidden lake, the old boats go gliding by.
Got a woman that loves me, and I love her so, but she's all dressed up now, with nowhere to go.
Is there anybody out there with a voice loud and clear, gonna sing all the words that we all want to hear?
Some things are getting better, other things a little worse. It's a situation much like a curse.
There's a garden growing and a million weeds with no way of knowing who has done which deed.
Big wheel's still rolling down on me. One thing i can tell you is you got to be free.
Wish you told me by and by that my life would come to this. That I'd have to find a way to let things go.
I'm a dirty old man, I do what I can, tryin' to make a livin', I'm a dirty old man.
I like to get hammered on Friday night, sometimes I can't wait so Monday's alright.
It's a battle with the bottle, I'll win it alright. But I lost another round in the bar last night.
Pieces from here and there fall in place along the line, disappearing between you and me.
Life is changing everywhere I go, new things and old both disappear.
All I want is a song of love, song of love to sing for you. All I need is this song of love, to sing for you.
Now forever we will live as one, floating in love's atmosphere.
Do I have to come right out and say it, tell you that you look so fine?
Like a dream she has taken me, and now I don't know where. And a part of me is scared, the part of me I shared once before.
Do you wanna dance under the moonlight? Hold me baby all through the night? Oh baby, do you wanna dance?
So if you find yourself in a party mood, let your conscience be your guide.
When I was a young boy, my mama said to me, "Your daddy's leavin' home today, I think he's gone to stay."
Well, all that glitters isn't gold, I know you've heard that story told.
And I'm a pauper in a naked disguise, a millionaire through a business man's eyes. Oh friend of mine, don't be denied.
Don't cry my sweet girl, nothin' I say is written in stone.
Your disappointed eyes are haunting me like my big lies. I see you glaring now, I see you staring in the fire, my sweet love.
Well I wonder who's with her tonight, and I wonder who's holding her tight.
Don't let it bring you down, it's only castles burning, just find someone who's turning and you will come around.
Blind man running through the light of the night with an answer in his hand.
If you wanna go riding in the tall green grass, try to not spook the horse.
If you wanna pet that old hound dog, make sure he ain't rolled in shit.
'Cause if you ever leave me baby, how wrong you would be. Don't take your love away from me.
So put your chips down baby, empty your pockets too, 'cause when I make a promise, you can bet that its' true.
Change comes slow in the country, when you're new there's a lot of distrust.
Be on my side, I'll be on your side, baby, there is no reason for you to hide.
This much madness is too much sorrow, it's impossible to make it today.
All the hurt you thought was gone has now returned, and every thing she's laughing at is all you learned.
Take the time to close your eyes and look around, 'cause anyone who helped you out can let you down.
ind out that now was the answer to answers that you gave later.
If I could stand to see her crying I would tell her not to care. When she hears of all your lying she will join you there.
Give your money to the gateman, young blood in his eye, hold on to your baby, when you slip into the sky.
Jimi's playin' in the back room, Led Zeppelin on stage, there's a mirrorball twirlin' and a note from Page.
I'll always be a dreamin' man, I don't have to understand, I know it's alright.
Now the night is gone, a new day is dawning, and our homeless dreams go back to the street.
I like to drive my car if I've got someplace to go, I like to feel the wheel, put down the top and let it roll.
I'm just a drifter, I'll stay until you try to tie me down. Don't try to rescue me, don't try to rescue me.
Whatever gets you through the night, that's all right with me. When it's time to say goodbye, I have to make you see.
Drive back to your old town, I wanna wake up with no-one around.
It's a random kind of thing, came up-on a delicate flower. I can't be-lieve a ma-chine gun sings. Drive-by.
Now she's gone like a shooting star, trail of dreams, tragic trail of fire.
Well you feel invincible, it's just a part of life. There's a feud going on and you don't know. Drive-by.
# E
Somewhere a blues guitar plays echoes in the alleyway, the Tijuana dawn claims another day.
It's no secret, what everybody knows.
It really don't matter much which way I go, the silver wings or a crown of thorns.
The world is full of answers, some are right, some are wrong. The one that I believe in is a wish in a song.
I think I'd like to go back home and take it easy.
Gotta get away from this day to day runnin' around. Everybody knows this is nowhere.
Everytime I think about back home it's cool and breezy. I wish that I could be there right now, just passing time.
People talking to me, someone's saying that I'm not the same, that's not so easy to be.
Oh, I want you to know, is that I love you so much I can hardly stand it. And everybody is alone.
When grandma and grandpa get out on the floor, they rock until they drop and then they rock some more.
When Ronnie and Nancy do the bop on the lawn, they're rockin' in the White House all night long.
By the summer it was healing, we had said goodbye. All the years we'd spent with feeling, ended with a cry.
If I never lived without you, now you know I'd die. If I never said I loved you, now you know I'd try.
When it's born, it's warm, then it gathers strength in lies. When it falls, it falls all over you.
I think I used to see that old man on TV. Can you be the same? It seems like such a shame.
# F
Where's the big drum? Where's the feel of body heat?
Seem like that guy singin' this song been doing it for a long time. Is there anything he knows that he ain't said?
Sing a song for freedom. Sing a song for love. Sing a song for depressed angels, falling from above.
A little love and affection in every thing you do, with or without you.
It's such a precious thing, the time we share together. I must apologize for the troubled times.
Feel like I'm falling, falling off the face of the earth.
I see a light ahead, there's a chill wind blowin' in my head. I wish that I was home instead with my family.
Bury me out on the prairie, where the buffalo used to roam.
I hate to say the farmer, he's the last of a dying breed.
Don't see much for the future when a family can't survive. I hate to say the farmer was the last of his kind.
I really want the night, want the night to end. I really want the sun to rise. I really wanna feel, wanna feel your love.
I been wrong before and I'll be there again, I don't have any answers any friend.
In the field of opportunity it's plowin' time again.
I told you babe once before, don't want you hangin' around my door. You better find another shoulder.
Flags that line old main street are blowin' in the wind. These must be the flags of freedom flyin'.
But if crying and holding on and flying on the ground is wrong, then I'm sorry to let you down.
I wish I could have met you in a place where we both belong.
Sometimes I feel like I'm just a helpless child. Sometimes I feel like a kid.
If I'm bright enough to see you, you're just to dark to care.
Who put the palm over my blonde? Who put all the tar on the morning sand?
Who took everything from where it once was and put it where it last was seen?
I guess the reason I'm so scared of it is I stayed there once and I almost fit.
Look how your eyes have changed, all the love has gone, where did I lose you babe, what did I do wrong.
You can really learn a lot that way, it will change you in the middle of the day.
Though your confidence may be shattered, it doesn't matter.
Got a pot belly, it's not too big. Gets in my way, when I'm driving my rig.
There's a fork in the road ahead. I don't which way I'm gonna turn.
There's a bailout coming but it's not for me. It's for all those creeps watching tickers on TV.
I'm a big rock star, my sales have tanked. I still got you. Thanks.
Keep on bloggin', 'til the power goes out, your battery's dead. Twist and shout.
Here I am with this old guitar, doing what I do.
I never believed in much, but I believed in you.
Can we get it together, can we still stand side by side. Can we make it last, like a musical ride?
I found myself singin' like a long lost friend. The same thing that makes you live can kill you in the end.
It's how you look, and how you feel. You must have a heart of steel.
Why do I keep fuckin' up?
The awesome power of electricity stored for you in a giant battery. She runs so quiet, she's just like a ghost.
# G
But I'm just a dusty soul with nothing much to say.
Someone said there's a place on high where angels rip their wings and babies learn to fly.
I don't remember, ever seeing things this way, all these colors in my view.
Round round round, you don't need a map to get around.
Don't let me see your tail lights, I pull a heavy load. Get back on it. Get back on it.
Get back to the country, back where it all began. Get back to the country, back in the barn again.
You gotta get behind the wheel in the morning and drive.
When I was a young boy, it weren't too late, I had me a Buick, was a '48.
The lonely man I made myself to be is not as bad as some things I have seen.
The happier you fly, the sadder you fall.
Give me strength to move along, give me strength to realize she's gone.
I feel like goin' back, back where there's nowhere to stay.
Beaming through the buildings. Cutting though the streets. Slicing through the culture. Piling on the weeks.
It's hard to get blood from a stone but I'll give it a try.
Elusively she cut the phone and went from cell to cell. Really looking remarkable, and obviously doing well.
When I'm looking down on you, I feel like I know what my life is for.
It ain't an honor to be on TV, and it ain't a duty either. The only good thing about TV is shows like 'Leave it to Beaver'.
That guy just keeps singin'! Can somebody shut him up? I don't know for the life of me where he comes up with that stuff.
Share your loving and you live so long.
Grey Riders flew across my lawn, I looked again and they all were gone.
Guilty train, don't whistle my way again.
# H
Though the river flows, gently to the sea, he was on the shore, rooted like a tree.
And though their love was hangin' on a limb, she taught him how to dance, and start again.
Don't tell me hard luck stories and I won't tell you mine.
Did I see you down in a young girl's town with your mother in so much pain?
Dream up, dream up, let me fill your cup with the promise of a man.
Will I see you give more than I can take? Will I only harvest some?
When we were strangers, I watched you from afar. When we were lovers, I loved you with all my heart.
When you hear the melody I play, it changes every day, oh, Hawaiian sunrise.
Ain't getting old, ain't getting younger though. Just getting used to the lay of the land.
I ain't tongue-tied, just don't got nothin' to say.
The last time I saw Elvis he was ridin' in a pink Cadillac. Wind was blowin' through his hair and he never did look back.
I want to live, I want to give, I've been a miner for a heart of gold.
It's these expressions I never give, that keep me searching for a heart of gold, and I'm getting old.
I've been in my mind, it's such a fine line.
We may not compromise, I may not suit your taste tonight.
Inside your head I'm singing, inside your heart I cry for more.
Hello lonely woman, are you feelin' all right? Well, you lookin' just like heaven on a clear clear night.
I know you need me, like a river needs rain. I wont ask you any favors until I pass this way again.
Blue, blue windows behind the stars, yellow moon on the rise. Big birds flying across the sky, throwing shadows on our eyes.
Happiness, I know will always find you. And when it does, I hope that it will stay.
What a pity that the people from the city can't relate to the slower things that the country brings.
Time itself is bought and sold, the spreading fear of growing old contains a thousand foolish games that we play.
So the subtle face is a loser this time around. Here we are in the years.
I know that all things pass. Let's try to make this last.
All I need is your love and the stars above.
Yeah, she's the kind of woman with the magic touch, she don't want to lose me cause she loves me too much.
Get off of that couch turn off that MTV.
Hey hey, my my. Rock and roll will never die.
There's more to the picture, than meets the eye. Hey hey, my my.
Out of the blue and into the black. You pay for this and they give you that.
Once you're gone, you can't come back. When you're out of the blue, and into the black.
The king is gone but he's not forgotten, is this the story of a Johnny Rotten?
It's better to burn out 'cause rust never sleeps.
She said, honey I got the blues. I got the blues from ridin' all night in these high heel shoes.
I'm mad as hell at something that I don't understand.
I may not be the devil, but I know just how he feels.
Take my advice, don't listen to me.
But the wooden ships were just a hippie dream.
Don't bat an eye. Don't waste a word. Don't mention nothin' that could go unheard.
Just because it's over for you don't mean it's over for me.
It's a victory for the heart every time the music starts. So please don't kill the machine.
When I'm rolling on those big round wheels, puts me in heaven that's exactly how I feel.
Then came California, where I first saw open water, in the land of opportunity, I knew I was getting hotter.
But the neon lights and the endless nights, fame took me by surprise.
Living in the country looked good to me, smoking grass while the summer past in the real organic sea.
Hello my old friend, it's good to see you smiling, you've been around so long, you must be strong.
Crazy love must surely have this pain, if getting up means going down again.
When I hold you in my arms, it's a breath of fresh air. When I hold you in my arms, I forget what's out there.
The older generation, they got something to say. Well, they better say it fast or get out of the way.
I'm not the same man I was a while ago, I've learned some new things, I hope that it shows.
Homegrowns all right with me, homegrown is the way it should be.
Love don't care when you're wrong or right. Love don't know if your black or white.
Love been looking for perfection. Love's the answer, love's the question.
I come down from the misty mountain, I got lost on the human highway.
Take my head and change my mind. How could people get so unkind?
# I
But the sand in my shoes may trickle to my brain. Well, I ain't got the blues, but something more tame.
Well the sound of the drums is pounding in my head, like ten thousand dancers with bodies full of lead.
I am a child, I'll last a while. You can't conceive of the pleasure in my smile.
What is the color, when black is burned?
Now that you made yourself love me, do you think I can change it in a day?
How can I place you above me? Am I lying to you when I say that I believe in you?
Me and my shadow are so in despair, 'cause we keep hurting someone who cares.
There must be some way outta here, but I can't find it yet.
Well, I guess that I can give it another try, there's no use to to sit here and cry.
For the love of man, who will understand. It's alright, but I wonder why.
The breeze from the tossing seas is reminding me that I'll feel the touch of your lips for eternity.
I'm goin', I'm goin', on a downhill slide. Things feels so easy, I'm never gonna change my mind.
People my age they don't do the things I do.
Need distraction, need romance and candlelight. Need random violence, need entertainment tonight.
I'm not present, I'm a drug that makes you dream. I'm an aerostar, I'm a cutlass supreme.
I've been looking for a woman to save my life, not to beg or to borrow.
I've been waiting for you, and you've been coming to me for such a long time now.
She's a victim of her senses, do you know her?
All of a sudden she was on my mind, I wasn't ready for her kind.
Lately I've found myself losing my mind.
You're staring in the face of scorn, you know your spirit can't be torn.
The waiting years weren't hard to see behind the tears of Mercury.
I'm out on the Interstate, I can hear a soft voice calling, calling me to bring my guitar home.
I'm happy singing in a crowd, the lights are bright, the music's loud, I like to look in every face.
It's a dream, only a dream. And it's fading now, fadin' away. It's only a dream, just a memory without anywhere to stay.
# J
Well, if you've got the craving for some rock 'n' roll, you've got to have it right now.
Someone wants to blow up the planet, Johnny wants to find out why.
In Wichita, the home of the heavy metal Continental. Where the Motor-Head Messiah was tuning the system in.
Now I'm goin' back to Canada on a journey through the past, and I won't be back till February comes.
"I will stay with you if you'll stay with me", said the fiddler to the drum.
When the winter rains come pourin' down on that new home of mine, will I still be in your eyes and on your mind?
You can play my guitar, see where it goes. Send a song to a distant star while the rhythm explodes.
Just singing a song won't change the world.
# K
I feel like I just woke up from a bad dream, and it's so good to have you sleeping by my side.
We can go gliding through the air, far from the jeers and lies.
It doesn't matter if you're the one, 'cause we'll know before we're done.
Yeah, I'm kinda fonda Wanda, 'cause Wanda always wanna wanna wanna.
# L
Don't you wish that you could be here too?
You are so inviting, I am so in tune with you. Your draw is fast as lightning, my eyes are captured by your moves.
I find I'm rising with the crowd, too small for you to see me, although I'm yelling right out loud.
You can live your own life, making it happen.
But there's no need to worry, there's no reason to fuss, just go on about your work now and leave the driving to us.
The moral of this story is try not to get too old, the more time you spend on earth, the more you see unfold.
And as an afterthought, this must to be told, some people have taken pure bullshit and turned it into gold.
Each morning I look in her sky blue eyes, the down side of life looks better.
Connecting all the dots in the picture of harmony.
And my Lincoln is still the best thing built by Ford.
There's a light on over my head, let it shine.
What if Al Quaeda blew up the levees, would New Orleans have been safer that way?
No one has the answers, but one thing is true, you got to turn on evil, when it's comin' after you.
Let's roll for freedom, let's roll for love, goin' after Satan, on the wings of a dove.
Listen to me people, hear what I have to say, ever since I was knee high, I rocked my blues away.
Instead of cursin' the darkness, light a candle for where we're going, there's something ahead worth looking for.
Light a candle in the darkness so others might see ahead. Light a candle in the darkness when you go.
Once I thought I saw you in a crowded, hazy bar, dancing on the light from star to star.
There's somewhere safer where the feelings stay, I wanna love you but I'm getting blown away.
I am just a dreamer, but you are just a dream, and you could have been anyone to me.
Said the condor to the praying mantis, "We're gonna lose this place, just like we lost Atlantis."
Well I wish I was an Aztez, or a runner in Peru.
The gypsy told my fortune, she said that nothing showed.
I feel sad, but I feel happy, as I'm coming back to home.
What makes you hypnotized? What puts a tear in your eye? What makes you have to choose? What brings you the blues?
All her friends call her Little Wing, but she flies rings around them all.
Don't you know some people say the winter's the best time of them all.
Live to ride, ride my dream machine.
Never let a dream machine gather dust in your garage.
I join the multitudes, I raise my hand in peace, I never bow to the laws of the thought police.
Come along and say you will be the one to change the meaning of the writing on the wall.
If liberty was a little girl, watching all the flags unfurl, standing at the big parade, how would she like us now?
We've been through some things together, with trunks of memories still to come.
There's a lot to learn, for wastin' time. There's a heart that burns. There's an open mind.
There's a weight on you, but you can't feel it. Livin' like I do, it's hard for you to see it.
Silver wings of mornin', shining in the gray day, while the ice is formin', on a lonely runway.
Someone walks among us, and I hope he hears the call, and maybe it's a woman or a black man after all.
I've been lookin' for a lover but I haven't met her yet, she'll be nothin' like I picture her to be.
But I hope I treat her kind and don't mess with her mind when she starts to see the darker side of me.
Songs fill the air but there's no singer there, just an old wooden guitar playing.
Looking forward, all that I can see, is good things happening to you and to me.
I'm not waiting for times to change, I'm gonna live like a free-roaming soul on the highway of our love.
Old times were good times.
She took my brain and forgot my name. The woman you were with was about the same, she took your money and left town.
Loose change in my pocket, future in my hand. Too many distractions for me to understand.
Don't take out the magic pen, don't draw on the infinity board.
What could be stranger than the unknown danger that lies on the ocean floor?
The deep sea blues. Look at these blues. I got the deep sea blues.
So if you look in my direction, and we don't see eye to eye, my heart needs protection and so do I.
Love and only love will endure. Hate is everything you think it is.
Tomorrow is a long long time if you're a memory.
When I sing about love and war, I don't really know what I'm saying.
Said a lot of things I can't take back, but I don't really know if I wanna.
I sang songs about love, I sang songs about war, since the backstreets of Toronto.
Saddest thing in the whole wide world is to break the heart of your lover.
I've got the love art blues, don't know which on to choose.
I went and played too hard, and I lost my fun. Oh, these love art blues, leave me a heavy one.
My songs are all so long, and my words are all so sad.
If you travel with those who know you well, I can recommend, stay at Love Hotel.
And I've seen love make a fool of a man, he tried to make a loser win. But I've got nothing to lose I can't get back again.
Love is a rose but you better not pick it.
I wanna see what's never been seen, I wanna live that age old dream.
Late one night I was walking in the valley of hearts. A spirit came to me and said: 'You gotta move to start.'
You got love to burn. You better take a chance on love.
# M
Well I saw an old man walking in my place, when he looked at me it could have been my face.
Around the next turn take a highway to the sun, or the rocky road, it really don't matter which one.
I was in a hurry but that don't matter now, I have to get off this road of tears somehow.
I'm a married man, respect my happy home. Don't tempt me baby, stop singin', stop singin' your old song.
Mediterranean, if I could meet you there, who would ever care, or get in right on time.
Baby mellow my mind, makes me feel, like a schoolboy on good time.
I've been down the road, and I've come back, lonesome whistle on the railroad track.
Something so hard to find, situation, that can casualize your mind.
Oh, the things we do to lift me off the fears and move on through the years.
Think I'll go to Mexico, gonna take my time and go down slow. Making love now in Mexico, think I'll go to Mexico.
I used to watch Highway Patrol whittlin' with my knife, but the thought never struck me I'd be black and white for life.
I was Rambo in the disco, shooting to the beat, when they burned me in effigy my vacation was complete.
That cool ocean breeze blowing down through the quays, I think I'll call it a day.
Midnight on the bay sure feels good to me.
Up in that new space station, living Kennedy's dream, there was an automatic camera, shooting elephantine.
Way down in South Dakota, on the Needles highway, there's a lone red rider, on the road today.
Down in that old box canyon, where only misfits can go, he rides with no companion, but saloon and rodeo.
When anger has closed the door, my eyes go blind, and I can only see inside.
But when there are clouds above, we just don't recognise the power of love is free.
Oh freedom land, can you let this go, down to the streets, where the numbers grow.
Motion pictures on my TV screen, a home away from home, livin' in between.
Well, all those headlines, they just bore me now, I'm deep inside myself, but I'll get out somehow.
My old car keeps breaking down, my new car ain't from Japan. There's already too many Datsuns in this town.
Another thing that's bugging me, is this commercial on TV, says that Detroit can't make good cars any more.
My army jeep is still alive, got locking hubs and four wheel drive.
I always get in trouble when you bring it around. Motorcycle Mama won't you lay it down?
I'd like to shake your hand, disappointment. Looks like you win again, but this time might be the last.
I'm saving the best for last, let's leave this all in the past, the beauty of loving you, is what we've both been through.
Oh, hello Mr. Soul, I dropped by to pick up a reason, for the thought that I caught that my head is the event of the season.
I was down on a frown when the messenger brought me a letter, I was raised by the praise of a fan who said I upset her.
She said, "You're strange, but don't change", and I let her.
In a while will the smile on my face turn to plaster? Stick around while the clown who is sick does the trick of disaster.
Have you ever been lost, have you ever been found out? Have you ever felt all alone at the end of the day?
There's a comet in the sky tonight, makes me feel like I'm all right, I'm moving pretty fast for my size.
I really didn't mean to stay as long as I have, so I'll be moving on.
Why are you growin' up so fast, my boy? Oh, you'd better take your time. Why are you growin' up so fast, my son?
Somewhere, somewhere, I've got to get somewhere. It's not too late, it's not too late, I've got to get somewhere.
This time I will take the lead somehow, this time you won't have to show me how.
When dreams come crashing down like trees, I don't know what love can do.
My my, hey hey. Rock and roll is here to stay.
It's better to burn out than to fade away. My my, hey hey.
It's out of the blue and into the black. They give you this, but you pay for that.
It's better to burn out than it is to rust. The king is gone but he's not forgotten.
There's more to the picture, than meets the eye. Hey hey, my my.
# N
You who rule upon the land. You hold the future in your hand. Do it in the name of love.
A natural beauty should be preserved like a monument to nature.
Don't judge yourself to harsh my love, or someday you might find your soul endangered.
Went to the rodeo today, I saw the cowgirls lined up on the fence.
We watched the moment of defeat, played back over on the video screen, somewhere deep inside of my soul.
New mama's got a son in her eye, no clouds are in my changin' sky.
Changin' times, ancient reasons that turn to lies. Throw them all away.
Head in hand, got a gift of wonders to understand, and open all the way.
Tell me where does it say, when you're lost you stay that way?
It's that cool wind again, and I feel my missing friend whose counsel I can never replace.
Show me the way and I'll follow you today.
No more darkness. No more wasted time. Let me stay here with this heart of mine.
Ocean sky, sea of blue, let the sand wash over you.
There's a cold wind blowin' through my mind, but I'm holdin' on to the threads of time. And with you I feel no hidden path.
Will the northern lights still play as we walk our distant days?
Living on the edge of night, you know the sun won't go down slow.
I feel the way you feel, 'cause not so long ago it had a hold on me. I couldn't let it go, it wouldn't set me free.
Searchin' for quality, havin' to have the very best. Now scroungin' for quantity, never havin' time to do the test.
Once I was in love, now it seems that time is better spent in searching than in finding, and no one seems to know.
Don't say you lose, don't say you win, and no one else will know.
When you're down you gather strength to leave the ground, when you're high it makes you weak and you fall back down.
My overcoat is worn the pockets are all torn, I'm moving away from the pain.
Tick, tock, the clock on the wall, no wonder we're losin' time.
Amber waves of grain bow in the prairie wind, I'm hearin' Willie singing on the radio again.
They've got soldiers so strong they can bury their dead, and still not go back shooting blind.
Who's that stomping all over my face? Where's that silhouette I'm trying to trace?
Who's seeing eyes through the crack in the floor? There it is baby, don't you worry no more.
Who should be sleepin', but is writing this song, wishin' and a-hopin' he weren't so damned wrong?
# O
In the jungle land with the sea and the sand, can I meet you there?
You can never take your off the road.
Tin soldiers and Nixon coming, we're finally on our own. This summer I hear the drumming, four dead in Ohio.
What if you knew her and, found her dead on the ground, how can you run when you know?
I had a dog and his name was King, I told the dog about everything.
Old King sure meant a lot to me, but that hound dog is history.
That Old King was a friend of mine, never knew a dog that was half as fine.
Old man look at my life, twenty four and there's so much more. Live alone in a paradise that makes me think of two.
Love lost, such a cost, give me things that won't get lost. Like a coin that won't get tossed rolling home to you.
Old man take a look at my life I'm a lot like you. I need someone to love me the whole day through.
Lullabys, look in your eyes, run around the same old town. Doesn't mean that much to me to mean that much to you.
I've been first and last, look at how the time goes past. But I'm all alone at last, rolling home to you.
Old ways, sure is hard to change 'em.
It's hard to teach a dinosaur a new trick.
Lately I've been findin' out I'm set in my ways. Old ways can be a ball and chain.
The world is turnin', I hope it don't turn away.
I need a crowd of people, but I can't face them day to day.
Though my problems are meaningless, that don't make them go away.
I went to the radio interview, but I ended up alone at the microphone.
Now I'm livin' out here on the beach, but those seagulls are still out of reach.
When the dream came, I held my breath with my eyes closed.
Now I won't be back till later on if I do come back at all. But you know me and I miss you now.
In a strange game, I saw myself as you knew me. When the change came, and you had a chance to see through me.
Though the other side is just the same, you can tell my dream is real.
Though we rush ahead to save our time, we are only what we feel.
Once an angel, always an angel. You're as close to heaven as I'll ever be.
Holding back is so close to stealing, though we both have tried. We could lose it all if we lied.
One of these days, I'm going to sit down and write a long letter. to all the good friends I've known.
I've never tried to burn any bridges, though I know I let some good things go.
My friends are scattered like leaves from an old maple, some are weak some are strong.
When I try to tell you one thing, you don't listen. When I try to tell you one thing, you don't care.
You know a body feels empty with no love inside. Yeah, a body feels empty with no love at all.
I was always thinking of games that I was playing, trying to make the best of my time.
But only love can break your heart, try to be sure right from the start.
Yes, only love can break your heart, what if your world should fall apart?
I have a friend I've never seen, he hides his head inside a dream.
Some things never change, they stay the way they are.
You were born to rock, you'll never be an opera star.
Well it's hard to tell where a man goes wrong, might be here and it might be there.
What starts out weak might get too strong, if you can't tell foul from fair.
Somewhere near the end, lovers pretend, fake what they feel. Take what they get from love.
Sky is fire, hell is blue.
I'm out of control, tear myself down, build myself up, tear myself down again.
I'm talking to you, trying to get through, don't want to hide. Lost in the mirror of love.
Out of my mind, and I just can't take it anymore. Left behind, by myself and what I'm living for.
Tired of hanging on, if you miss me I've just gone.
The woman I'm thinking of, she loved me all up, but I'm so down today.
Now I'm running down the road trying to stay up, somewhere in her head.
At night when the sky is clear and the moon is shining down, my heart goes running out to you.
But we played the price of love and now it's out of reach, and so the broken circle goes.
# P
It's a fallen situation, when all eyes are turned in, and a love isn't flowing the way it could have been.
It's a sad communication with little reason to believe, when one isn't giving and one pretends to receive.
Pardon my heart if I showed that I cared, but I love you more than moments we have or have not shared.
No matter where I go, I never hear my record on the radio.
I saw the dream, I saw the wake, we shared it all, but not the take.
Peace of mind, like when you treated her kind.
She knows your weak spot, but she still gets you hot. And so you do it again, reveal what lies within.
Change hit the country like a thunder storm, ancient rivers soon began to boil.
Fortunes were made and lost in lifetimes, mother earth took poisons in her soil.
People on the street need a place to go.
Walkin' with the beat, if it's not too slow.
Sometimes I think that I know what love's all about. And when I see the light, I know I'll be alright.
Someone is talkin' at me, calling my name, tell me I'm not to blame. I won't be ashamed of love.
Tried to save the trees, bought a plastic bag, the bottom fell out, it was a piece of crap.
I'm trying to save the trees, I saw it on TV, they cut the forest down to build a piece of crap.
I went back to the store, they gave me four more, the guy told me at the door it was a piece of crap.
I wish I was a trapper, I would give a thousand pelts, to sleep with Pocahontas and find out how she felt.
And maybe Marlon Brando will be there by the fire, we'll sit and talk of Hollywood and the good things there for hire.
Marlon Brando, Pocahontas and me.
And I just turned twenty-two, I was wonderin' what to do.
Shelter me from the powder and the finger, cover me with the one that pulled the trigger.
Just think of me as one you never figured.
Tryin' to remember what my Daddy said, before too much time took away his head.
Prairie wind blowin' through my head.
Late at night, lights dancin' in the northern sky, like the Indian spirits, tryin' to show me how to fly.
A funny thing happened yesterday, I felt the pressure in a brand new way, it kept hitting me from all directions.
I feel the pressure building every night, one of these days I'm gonna go out like a light.
Are you feeling all right? Not feeling too bad myself.
When I first saw your face, it took my breath away.
People tell us that we play too loud, but they don't know what our music's about.
That's why we don't wanna be good, oh, we're prisoners of rock and roll.
We don't wanna be watered down. takin' orders from record company clowns.
Although no one hears a sound, there's another poor man falling down.
# Q
And I really don't know why I feel so good, but it's happening to me so I knock on wood.
Hey baby, I'm your man, I know I treated you bad but I'm doin' the best I can.
# R
Rainin' in my heart since we been apart, I know I was wrong, baby, please come home.
When you chase the sun, chase it halfway around the world, the rainbow comes, when you least expect it to.
Rrrrrrapid transit, ppppppublic service, I'm standing in my line.
Every wave is new until it breaks.
You really made my day with the little things you say.
Imagination is my best friend. Got to look out for the greedy hand, greedy hand.
Make a living like a rolling stone, on the road there's no place like home.
And the dreams that you have, they won't let you down, if you just follow on 'cause you know where they're found.
In this land of conditions I'm not above suspicion.
Well I'm a barrel of laughs with my carbine on, I keep them hoppin' till my ammunition gone.
I've got the revolution blues, I see bloody fountains and ten million dune buggies comin' down the mountain.
I'm gonna ride my llama from Peru to Texarkana, I wanna ride him good in my old neighborhood.
And when the gates are closed to the road of plenty, a fist come pounding down, you feel it every day.
Sure looks like we're all gonna rock forever. The way we just keep rolling on and on.
There's colors on the street. Red, white and blue. People shufflin' their feet, people sleepin' in their shoes.
Don't feel like satan, but I am to them.
We got department stores, and toilet paper, got styrofoam boxes for the ozone layer.
Got fuel to burn, got roads to drive.
Think I'll roll another number for the road, I feel able to get under any load.
Though my feet aren't on the ground, I been standin' on the sound, of some open-hearted people goin' down.
I'm not goin' back to Woodstock for a while, though I long to hear that lonesome hippie smile.
Round and round and round we spin to weave a wall to hem us in. It won't be long.
It's so hard to say no to yourself, and it shows that you're losing inside, when you step on your pride and you cry.
And you see your best friend looking over the end, and you turn to see why, and he looks in your eyes and he cries.
I can feel the weather changing, I can see it all around.
But the earth is slowly spinning, spinning slowly, slowly changing, I feel something in the air.
Runaround babe, don't try to be something you weren't meant to be.
I'm sorry for the things I've done, I've shamed myself with lies, but soon these things are overcome and can't be recognized.
I'm sorry for the things I've done, I've shamed myself with lies, my cruelty has punctured me and now I'm running dry.
# S
Day and night we walk these aisles, in the same old movie show, we look for someone to hold for a while.
If you can't cut it, don't pick up the knife.
There's no reward in your conscience stored when your sleepin' with another mans wife.
I wanna lick the platter, the gravy doesn't matter.
Like a Safeway cart, rolling down the street, like a sandal mark on the savior's feet.
Baby looks so bad with her TV eyes, going, going, gone and the picture cries.
I could live inside a teepee, I could die in penthouse thirty-five.
See the losers in the best bars, meet the winners in the dives.
There's a road stretched out between us like a ribbon on the high plain.
I need a unit to sample and hold, but not the angry one, a new design, new design.
I'm a little bit high, I'm a little bit low, hear your name where ever I go.
When the music calls, I'll be there, no more sadness, no more cares.
I'm a little bit here, I'm a little bit there, I'm a little bit scattered everywhere.
Looking at the grave at the scenery around you. Home of the brave, sometimes they leave you like they found you.
Where will you go when you need to make some changes? Who will you love in a world of constant strangers?
Last night I was cool at the pool hall, held the table for eleven games.
I saw the movie and I read the book, but when it happened to me I sure was glad I had what it took to get away.
I'm thinkin' of no one in my mind, sedan delivery is a job I know I'll keep, it sure was hard to find.
Some are bound for happiness, some are bound to glory, some are bound to live with less, who can tell your story?
I was down in Dixie Land, played a silver fiddle, played it loud and then the man broke it down the middle.
Turned on, tuned in, cop out, sell out, do you know who you are?
And it's all because of that love we knew that makes the world go round.
The touch of my woman can soothe my soul, when she makes me feel right that's when the good times roll.
My blue-eyed woman is a mystery to me.
All I got is a broken heart, and I don't try to hide it when I play my guitar.
My blue-eyed woman is a healer to me, without that woman I'm history.
We had a chance to change our mind, but somehow wisdom was hard to find.
Workin' hard every day, never notice how the time slips away.
Our kind of love just never seems to get old, it's better than silver and gold.
He sleeps with angels, he's always on someone's mind.
She lives in the TV sky, she lives in such pain, she rides in a bullet proof stretch limousine.
And when the music started, she just slipped away, just like a river fallin' down.
I got some medals hanging on my chest, I've seen some good ones but I missed the best.
Lady luck don't you turn on me, I'm just a student of your history.
When I was faster I was always behind.
I'm so tired of talking to strangers, close my eyes and I see the danger, I feel like making some changes.
Soldier your eyes, they shine like the sun, I wonder why.
We all have to sin someday.
Now smog might turn to stars someday.
Tomorrow won't be late, we won't have to wait someday.
You're scared of the way it goes, sometimes in the night, when it gets the best of you, you put up a fight.
Hey ho, away we go, we're on the road to never.
You can't help nobody, until you help yourself.
A man needs a woman right by his side. She keeps him warm at night, he keeps her satisfied.
Soul of a woman, soul of a man. A perfect combination ever since the world began.
Southern man better keep your head, don't forget what your good book said.
I saw cotton and I saw black. Tall white mansions and little shacks. Southern man when will you pay them back?
Down the mountainside, to the coastline, past the angry tide, the mighty diesel whines.
Roll on, Southern Pacific, on your silver rails, on your silver rails.
Roll on, Southern Pacific, on your silver rails Through the moonlight.
I ain't no brake man, ain't no conductor, but I would be though, if I was younger.
I went to the movie the other night, the plot was groovy it was out of sight.
I've been a searcher. I've been a fool, I've been a long time comin' to you.
You're holdin' my baby, and I'm holdin' you.
Oh tell me where, the answer lies. Is it in the notebook behind your eyes?
There's a long highway in your mind, a spirit road that you must find.
There's nothing right that you can say, but you keep talking anyway.
Now the night swirls for a little girl, a speck of dust in the giant world.
I don't wanna get personal or have you put me on the spot, I don't know how you feel but for me it's getting hot.
All I need is a little shade, standing in the light of love.
Ain't it hard when you wake up in the morning, and you find out that those other days are gone?
All your dreams and your lovers won't protect you, they're only passing through you in the end.
Yet still a light is shining from that lamp on down the hall. Maybe the Star of Bethlehem wasn't a star at all.
Gold and diamonds say you're mine, but true love opens the gates of time, and as we go on our way, we got stayin' power.
On the empty page before you, you can fill in what you care, try to make it new before you go.
You can say the soul is gone, and close another door, just be sure that yours is not the one.
You're such a beautiful fish, floppin' on the summer sand, lookin' for the wave you missed, when another one is close at hand.
I saw you in Mercedes Benz, practicing self defense, you got it pretty good I guess, I couln't see your eyes.
No one else can kill me like you do. No one else can fill me like you do. And no one else can feel our pain.
You can't be twenty on Sugar Mountain.
Now you say you're leaving home 'cos you want to be alone, ain't it funny how you feel when you're finding out it's real.
There's corruption on the highest floor!
It was a golden moment in the history of TV news, no one could explain it, it just got great reviews.
Hey Mr. Clean, you're dirty now too.
.. when up walked a tall stranger, he shadowed her move to move, in perfect unison, a supernatural groove.
But that might not be easy, livin' on the run, mother earth has many enemies, there's much work to be done.
Don't need drugs, don't want money, you came along and shook me honey, all I want is you right by my side.
Although we walk in the rain, my heart feels sunny inside, with you babe.
All day long I will sing my song to you. All day long I can sing this song to you.
Come on down for a pleasure cruise, plenty of women, plenty of booze.
Give your ticket to Moe the Sleaze. He's the one that's weak in the knees. His pants are baggy, but you can see them shaking.
Who lives in an old hotel, near the ancient ruins? Only time can tell.
"Go easy" the doorman said. The floor is slippery, so "watch your head" this message read.
# T
Got mashed potatoes, ain't got no T-bone.
Is it hard to make arrangements with yourself, when you're old enough to repay, but young enough to sell?
Tell me lies later, come and see me, I'll be around for a while.
I am lonely but you can free me, all in the way that you smile.
We are men at work, we got a job to do, we gotta keep you rockin' to keep your soul from the blue.
We gotta dig the groove, we're gonna hammer the blues, you can't sit down 'cause we got a job to do.
I'm not saying that they're wrong, they've just been standing 'round too long.
I'm just a believer, baby, in those dreams of mine. You see they just keep on comin' in a long, long line.
And 'though the seas may rise, until they do, I keep doin' the things I'm doin' and believe in you.
I remember my mama saying, "I want to be on this windy road for eternity."
The bridge, we'll build it now, it may take a lot of time. And it maybe lonely but, ooh babe, ooh babe.
In the great divide, nothing to decide, no one else to care for or love. In the great divide, you won't fit in too well.
Well, I used to be a woman, you know, I took you for a ride, I let you fly my airplane, it looked good for your pride.
'Cause you're the kind of man, you know, who likes what he says. I wonder what's it's like to be so far over my head.
Well, I used to be a folk singer keeping managers alive, when you saw me on a corner and told me I was jive.
Well, I woke up in the morning with an arrow through my nose, there was an Indian in the corner tryin' on my clothes.
He's a perfect stranger, like a cross of himself and a fox.
He's a feeling arranger, and a changer of the ways he talks.
He's the unforseen danger, the keeper of the key to the locks.
Know when you see him, nothing can free him. Step aside, open wide, it's the loner.
It's so hard for me now, but I'll make it somehow.
It's so hard to make love pay, when you're on the losing end.
I hit the city and I lost my band, I watched the needle take another man. Gone, gone, the damage done.
I sing the song because I love the man, I know that some of you don't understand.
I've seen the needle and the damage done, a little part of it in everyone, but every junkie's like a setting sun.
I ain't got no excuses, I just want to play that good old country waltz.
Up and down the old homestead, the naked rider gallops through his head.
See the drunkard of the village falling on the street, can't tell his ankles from the rest of his feet.
There's a fever on the freeway, blacks out the night. There's a slippin' on the stairway, just don't feel right.
If you follow every dream, you might get lost.
I keep my friends, eternally. We leave our tracks in the sound.
Just put your blue jeans on, grab your guitar and write a song.
The restless consumer flies around the world each day. With such an appetite for taste and grace.
Don't need to TV ad, tellin' me how sick I am.
Don't need no more lies.
But we don't talk to them, so we don't learn from them, hate don't negotiate with good.
So many lost highways, that used to lead home, but now they seem used up and gone.
Hear my song and hear my heart, we'll be gone when the music starts.
There goes my babe, there goes what might have been. There goes my babe in the cool morning rain.
Ain't singin' for Pepsi, ain't singin' for Coke. I don't sing for nobody, makes me look like a joke.
Ain't singin' for Miller, don't sing for Bud. I won't sing for politicians, ain't singin' for Spuds.
This old guitar ain't mine to keep, just takin' care of it now.
This old house of ours is built on dreams, and a businessman don't know what that means.
And I know I've got something inside me, there's always a light there to guide me to what can't be found.
I'm not asleep when I'm lyin' down, I'm asleep when I'm walkin' around.
When I saw those thrashers rolling by, looking more than two lanes wide, I was feelin' like my day had just begun.
With a one-way ticket to the land of truth and my suitcase in my hand, how I lost my friends I still don't understand.
Still glaring from the city lights, into paradise I soared. Unable to come down for reasons I'd ignored.
Here in the conscious world we place our theories down, why man must bring us to our knees.
Children in the schoolyard finish choosing teams, divided by their dreams, while a TV screams.
I'm gonna give you till the morning comes, till the morning comes.
Down on pain street, disappointment lurks.
You know how time fades away.
Back in Canada I spent my days, riding subways through a haze, I was handcuffed, I was born and raised.
My brother went to prison, he's in Kingston doin' time. He got seven years for sellin' what I've been smokin' all my life.
They locked me up in a Hall of Fame and threw away the keys, but when they put my brother away it really did somethin' to me.
Please take my advice, open up the tired eyes.
What do you mean, he had bullet holes in his mirrors?
Tonight's the night.
If you never heard him sing, I guess you won't too soon.
Well, we met in my favorite bar, took a ride in my old car, but I still don't know how we made it home.
With our attitudes by day and our secret dreams by night, can we really live our lives that way?
I got a keychain, good luck charm, drive a fast car, gotta strong arm, I'm too lonely to fall in love.
Imagine blue dissolve into the empty night, slowly fadin' no one answerin'.
And those who loved and lost will know the way it feels, to touch the night without the one you love.
Believe me, when I tell you, that a love true isn't hard to find.
It's hard to leave the traces, for someone to follow, believe me.
Sail along, sail along silver moon, don't be blue, throw shadows in my room.
This train is never goin' back, when that lonesome whistle blows, no one knows, no one knows.
That cowboy just kept talking, I thought I heard him say, he used to ride the Santa Fe before the tracks were laid.
The golden gate was open wide, the sun came shining through, where once the angels stood and cried everything was new.
You run the show, remote control, direct the action with the push of a botton. You're a transformer man.
Every morning when I look in your eyes, I feel electrified by you.
Your eyes are shining on a beam through the galaxy of love.
.. 'bout my dreams they all seem to fade as soon as I put my money down.
And I try to wash my hands. And I try to count my friends. And I try to make amends.
I like to take a chance, shit Mary I can't dance, so here's looking up your old address.
Making love to you while time stands still, I may be dreamin', but I always will.
Don't be lonely, don't be sad, 'cause you're the best thing that I ever had.
See no evil, feel no evil, fear no evil in my heart.
# U
I'm proud to a union man, I make those meetings when I can, yeah.
Live music is better, bumper stickers should be issued!
Somewhere on a desert highway, she rides a Harley-Davidson, her long blond hair flyin' in the wind.
She's been runnin' half her life, the chrome and steel she rides, collidin' with the very air she breathes.
# V
I'm a vampire, babe, suckin' blood from the earth. Well, I'm a vampire, babe, sell you twenty barrels worth.
Good times are comin', I hear it everywhere I go, good times are comin', but they sure are comin' slow.
Behind these eyes there walks a stranger, wandering through the dark following me.
Got to fight to control the violent side.
# W
I hear some people been talkin' me down, bring up my name, pass it 'round.
Some get stoned, some get strange, but sooner or later it all gets real.
I remember the good old days, stayed up all night gettin' crazed.
I'm on this journey, I don't wanna walk alone.
Walk with me, shine me light.
I lost some people I was travelling with. I missed a soul and the old friendship.
I went walking after midnight, up and down the street, when I stopped for a smoke I heard shuffling feet.
Well, I stopped for a smoke. What did I see? A face in the filter, lookin' back at me.
No one wins, it's a war of man.
The windows open and the little girl dreams, the sky's her playground as she mounts her steed.
Between heaven and earth there's a ballroom floor, where the couples glide in the evermore.
If you don't really know where you want to go, it makes no difference which road you take.
We control the TV sky. We control the FBI. We control the flow of heat.
Computer age, in harm's way. We will prevail and perform our function. C.C.T.B.
I used to carry the weight of the world on my back. I never trusted my friends or my girl, can you imagine that?
.. but when I met you girl, I dropped the weight of the world.
I was alone for all of my life, until you came my way.
Welfare mothers make better lovers.
It isn't fair that I should wake up at dawn and not find you there. What did you do to my life?
It's hard enough losing without the confusion of knowing I tried.
Don't know what I'm going through, look everything is new, each time I turn around, feels like I'm falling down.
When I hold you in my arms, it's a breath of fresh air. When I hold you in my arms, I forget what's out there.
Well the older generation they got something to say, but they better say it fast or get outta the way.
Takin' a trip across the USA, gonna see a lot of people along the way, from far and wide.
Truth is fiction, truth is lies, strange things happen when worlds collide.
When you dance, do your senses tingle, then take a chance. In a trance, while the lonely mingle with circumstance.
Like a mountain that's growing, a river that rolls, let me come over, I know you know. When you dance, I can really love.
When your lonely heart breaks, don't sit counting your mistakes, don't be waiting for love to come back.
When your lonely heart breaks, don't be crying for good times you had.
Where is the highway tonight? Where are those old days and crazy nights?
A haunting melody keeps comin' back to me, where is the highway tonight?
I came to you when I needed a rest. You took my love and put it to the test. I saw some things that I never would've guessed.
Feel like a railroad, I pull the whole load behind me.
That old white line is a friend of mine, and it's good times that we've been makin'.
I was adrift on a river of pride, it seemed like such a long easy ride.
It has often been my dream to live with one who wasn't there.
Never lose the will to love.
I can be like a fire in the night, always warm and giving off light. But there comes a time when I shine too bright.
I'm like a singer on the stage, with the golden lights and liquid rage.
Sometimes I ramble on and on, and I repeat myself till all my friends are gone.
Baby if I see boredom in your eyes, I'll know my river has run dry.
I waited for you, Winterlong, you seem to be where I belong. It's all illusion anyway.
If things should ever turn out wrong, and all the love we have is gone, it won't be easy on that day.
Waiting to follow, through the dreamlight of your way, is not so easy for me now.
I'm waiting for a sign, I'm standing on the road, with my mind outstretched to you.
I'm looking for a job, I don't know what I'm doing, my software's not compatible with you.
Angel without wings, owner without things, sharpshooter without rings around you.
The road we used to ride, together side by side, has flowers pushing through the dotted line.
I've been walkin' all night long, my footsteps made me crazy.
I've been talkin' all day long, to keep my heart from sadness.
Someone and someone were down by the pond, lookin' for somethin' to plant in the lawn.
Singing words, words between the lines of age.
Thinkin' your mind was my own in a dream, what would you wonder and how would it seem?
You know I lose, you know I win, tou know I called for the state I'm in.
It's just a game you see me play, only real in the way that I feel from day to day.
It's not all right, to say goodbye, and the world on a string doesn't mean a thing.
No the world on a string doesn't mean a thing, it's only real in the way that I feel from day to day.
My life's an open book, you read it on the radio.
Meet me at the wrecking ball, wrecking ball. Wear something pretty and white, and we'll go dancin' tonight.
I see your smoky eyes, right across the bar. I've seen that look before, shining from star to star.
# Y
Well, you heard about the great pretender? I went to see him and he's not the same.
Yonder stands the sinner, he calls my name without a sound.
Open up your eyes, see how lifetime flies. Open up and let the light back in.
Open up your heart, let the lovin' start. Open up and let the life back in.
I was thinkin' of you and me, makin' love beneath a tree, and now I wonder, "Could it be?"
Thinkin' of the times we had, some were good and some were bad. Guitar fightin' the TV.
Lookin at you just the other night, dancing in the evening light. True love conquers all.
The sky is threatening, there's bad weather in the air, and you always liked that, excitement is everywhere.
You're in heaven with nothing to do, the ultimate vacation with no back-pain, all we do is work, work, work.
Love is always changin' faces, who knows what it means? The whole world is tryin' to find the answer to its dreams.
When you walked into my life, on the heels of a dream, I thought I saw in your eyes, a little bit of me.
Your love is good to me, I should be standing tall, and walking proud.
